When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

If you are working collaboratively with a team or if you work from different machines,
you would want to store the work in a remote repository so it remains reachable to
everyone who needs it.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

A collaborator may have made changes to the remote that would affect your own changes, 
in which case you would want to have control over when those changes are incorporated.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you 
use one instead of another?

A branch is a set of commits relating to a common purpose (i.e. master, new feature, 
experiments, etc.).  A clone is a copy of an entire repository and all the commits and
branches it contains.  Clones can be made on the same machine or different machines.
A fork is a clone created by GitHub on its machines.  You cannot fork to different
machines; doing so is simply cloning.  Branching is good practice when you're working
within a repository and want to keep one version of the code in operable condition.
By creating branches, you can test out other ideas without fear of breaking the 
master version.  Cloning is useful when you're joining a new project or switching
machines.  You can create a copy of the entire repository on your machine without
having to recreate the actual code.  Forking is useful if you find an open source 
repository on GitHub that you would like to alter for your purposes.  You can fork
the repository to your own account, thereby creating a copy which lives on GitHub's
servers.  If you want to work on that repository, you can clone it to your own
computer.  And if you want to keep a working master branch, you can create a new 
branch for your edits.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored 
locally?

Having a local copy of the remote allows you to work offline and compare your changes
to those on the remote. If you're sure that the local copy is up-to-date, you can
also merge the origin/master into master with confidence.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and 
what would be harder?

Collaborating without Git and GitHub would either require a lot of in-person discussion
or a different, asynchronous software or tool.  In-person discussions can be 
inefficient, especially if the meetings get sidetracked.  Using another tool, like
Google Docs would also be inefficient because it would be hard to create versions and
join those versions together.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in 
master? What benefits does each approach have?

You would pretty much never want to make changes directly in master.  Master is 
usually intended to be the unbroken, operable branch of your code.  If you're 
not sure how your changes will affect the code, or if you are collaborating with 
others who are working in the same repository, you must commit changes to a 
separate branch before merging them with master.  This keeps the master branch
intact and working properly.  It also gives you and your team an opportunity
to discuss when, where and how to make changes.