What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

The directory becomes a git repository, which means you are able to track the 
history of each file contained therein.  That history is saved as metadata 
and is kept in the hidden .git file.  You must initialize a repository if you 
want to track different versions of your files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is just a temporary holding pen for files you've changed and
intend to commit.  Unlike a working directory, it is not a permanent home for 
the files, and you wouldn't be able to locate them on your hard drive.  And 
unlike a repository, the staging area doesn't hold metadata about tracked
files.  It only contains a the current state of the staged files.  It is 
valuable because it lets you stop and think about which files have changed, 
which files are related, and which ones should be included in a single
commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical 
change?

After placing your changed files into the staging area, you can run git diff 
--staged to see the changes from the most recent commit.  If there are too many
changes to be logically grouped together, you can remove files from the staging
area and add them to a separate commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized?  How would branches help?

If you want to experiment with new features or a dramatic change, branches would
be useful.  You'd be able to keep your master branch alive while adding new code 
to a different branch.  If the new idea didn't work out, no harm done.  If it 
does, you can merge the two branches.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams are useful because they allow you to see which commits are related
(i.e. parent and child) and which commits are reachable.  They also help you
see where branches have split from master and where they have been merged back
in.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in 
the diagram the way we do?

Merging two branches joins and reconciles the changes made to each branch into 
one branch.  The old commits for each branch are still reachable via the new, 
merged branch.  We represent the new merged branch in diagrams with lines to each
of its parents because the new branch retains references to both parents.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges 
manually?

Automatic merging saves time if the changes were to different parts of the code.
If there is no potential for conflict, there is no need to do a manual merge.  On
the other hand, if changes occur in the same location in the code, it is a good 
idea to stop and think before going through with the merge.  You may need to 
have a conversation with your team, or you may have to review your own decisions 
to see which one makes sense.  Although there may be times that the decision is
obvious, it's still a better option for Git to prompt you about the merge than
for it to automatically decide.